h1. Gluttonberg Design - A Content Management System

This is an open source content management system being developed by 
"Freerange Future":http://www.freerangefuture.com. It is built with Merb and 
DataMapper.

This document is intended to describe the various features in Gluttonberg, 
both existing and planned. It is not a sales-pitch, rather it is aimed at
developers interested in contributing to the project, since it should give a
clear idea of where the project is headed.

h2. Philosophy

Don’t try to be everything to everyone. Support the bare-minimum of features 
needed to work and allow the CMS to be easily extended on a per-project basis.

One problem with most existing CMSs is the need to customise them for each
client. Those CMSs that do allow for customisations usually use plugins. This
approach sucks. It boils down to this; you’re limited to what the plugin API
gives you. This makes it really hard to do any complex customisations. Often
you might find yourself hacking the actual CMS code to do what you need.
That’s a maintenance nightmare, especially when you need to update an
installation with the latest version of the CMS.

The answer is to make the CMS itself into a plugin. This leaves you free to 
write any application code you want to, while still having access to the CMS 
functionality via an API.

Luckily Merb gives us something like a plugin API for free. Merb-slices will 
allow us to create a CMS slice that can be included in any application. 
Additional plugins can also be created as slices. One of the beauty of slices 
is that they also allow your application code to over-ride any of the 
templates or code in the slice. Dead easy customisations, without making 
upgrades difficult.

h2. Design and Roadmap

This set of documents acts primarily as a roadmap for future development of 
Gluttonberg. It does in part document existing features of the CMS, but 
shouldn’t be treated as a guide if you’re trying to get started — you might 
get confused about why stuff is missing!
