h1. Asset Management

Gluttonberg already includes a centralised system for uploading and managing
assets. Within Gluttonberg and asset consists of an uploaded file and a record
in the database, which contains the various meta-data about the file.

At this point all the assets are stored using the same mechanism and the
meta-data for each is as follows:

* Name
* Description
* Size
* Filename
* Category (image, document, video etc)
* Type (Word, XL, PDF, Quicktime etc)

h2. Collections

Assets can be arranged in collections. Collections are arbitrary lists of 
assets. An asset may belong to multiple collections. These are intended mainly
as an organisational tool, but in the future we may expand them.

h2. Multiple Libraries

The asset library provides the basic mechanism for uploading and managing 
assets. In the future however, we may wish to segment the asset library up.

For example it may be useful to separate the assets into general and 
restricted libraries, or you may wish to publish a subset of the assets 
wholesale — i.e. mark a library as ‘public’ and have it’s contents exposed
via the public site, while the rest of the assets remain secured.

h2. Asset models

Currently all asset types are stored with the one model. This is restrictive
since it limits the type of meta-data we can store. For example, images may 
have additional data for exposure, capture date/time, dimensions etc.

To account for this, in the future we will be splitting each asset type up 
into it’s own model. This will let us store much richer data about each type
of asset.
